feat: CROPS framework, pattern template, and vendor criteria (#100, #101, #102) (#106)
ethereum/iptf-map: GLOSSARY.md

## Glossary

### IPTF Evaluation Frameworks

**CROPS (Censorship Resistance, Open Source and Free, Privacy, Security)**: Four non-negotiable properties for Ethereum defined by the Ethereum Foundation. The IPTF Map evaluates solutions against all four dimensions independently. See [CONTRIBUTING.md § CROPS Evaluation](CONTRIBUTING.md#crops-evaluation) for full scoring rubrics.

**I2I (Institution-to-Institution)**: Interaction model where both counterparties are regulated entities (e.g., bank-to-bank settlement). Symmetric power dynamic; both parties have legal teams, vendor choice, and contractual recourse.

> **I2U (Institution-to-End-User)**: Interaction model where one counterparty is a regulated entity and the other is an individual (e.g., retail payment). Asymmetric power dynamic; CROPS must protect the user from the institution. Institutions should be transparent to regulators and end users; end users should have the right to keep their private lives private.

Reviewer: "private lives private" sounds a little too harsh -
```suggestion
**I2U (Institution-to-End-User)**: Interaction model where one counterparty is a regulated entity and the other is an individual (e.g., retail payment). Asymmetric power dynamic; CROPS must protect the user from the institution. Institutions should be transparent to regulators and end users; end users should be able to protect their privacy.
```
